# Tea Category Frequency

The goal of this project is to determine how frequently each of the six types of tea (From the Camellia sinensis or Camellia sinensis var. assamica plant, aka Chinese and Assam/Indian tea) are mentioned in post titles, post descriptions and comments.

The six main categories of tea are as follows: White, Green, Yellow, Oolong, Black, Dark/Puerh/Pu-erh.
Puerh/Pu-erh/Pu erh tea to my knowledge is essentially the de facto sixth category due to its popularity and will be used interchangeably for the purposes of this project.From my personal experience, the teas that should be the very frequently mentioned should be green and black tea as the most frequent,then oolong and white, and then Pu-erh and yellow.The category that a tea falls under might not be mentioned within the post title, post image, post description or within the original poster's comment.

Natural Language Processing or NLP will be used in order to extract tea names and then classify them through a lookup table [Name: Earl Grey, Category: Black]. The table will be generated by scraping steepster.com/teas.

Business use case: Using a selection of only the most recent posts from the past several weeks or months, vendors could gauge customer interest and shift inventory allocation and advertisement for the more frequently mentioned teas. Reddit posts are not necessarily representative for the general population, especially on the reddit.com/r/tea subreddit where the average poster will most likely have tastes diverging from what is mainstream. This would mostly be for vendors advertising on reddit.com/r/teasales potentially.
